the soldier is the fundamental building
block of everything in the army the
mission is a three-fold mission but
increase the soldiers combat
effectiveness save soldiers lives and
increase the soldiers quality of life
the helmets are awesome well helmets big
improvements lighter the body armor and
the new advanced combat helmet routinely
stop rounds we had on several occasions
soldiers and pulling bullets out of
their helmet or their body armor clearly
saved their lives and we rely on that
stuff so much like like different
objects different outside scopes stuff
like that saves are logical step soldier
sensors and lasers enhances the soldiers
ability to see to acquire and finally it
to target those incidents it was easier
to see through the smoke and actually
identify targets you can see through
smoke fog just about anything we treat
the soldier as a system by looking at
the soldiers a system we ultimately
become a combat multiplier we do that by
providing the soldier more comfort
enhance performance greater
survivability and then ultimately
greater lafalot there's interface
control between all of the pieces of
equipment so they all work together as a
whole I don't think we could have
accomplished everything that we have
with out the equipment that we have this
w's now and some of the stuff what's
coming out is it equipment we need to
complete a mission if we bought there
without any of this stuff we would not
be able to complete our mission period
we're modernizing at Mach speed once we
feel the piece of equipment we don't
rest on our laurels at all we know that
either now or on the very near horizon
there will be something better so we go
out and we chase that next best thing we
go
and it we have two new parachutes the
advanced tactical parachute system the
MC 6 the maneuverable canopy 6 it has a
lower rate of descent approximately 19
feet per second and it will ultimately
result in fewer injuries the land
warrior north of Baghdad that's a
paradigm-shifting capability it's a
leader tool that provides unparalleled
situation the lens which provides me
better ability to command and control
the movement of the unit in the field
and also prevent fratricide and also
determine what amount of force I want to
bring to bear on known or suspected
enemy locations at a given time you got
to have that Khrushchev weapon to
suppress the target defeat the target
allow the individual soldier to maneuver
you know RFI is the Army's chief of
staff initiative to make sure that every
soldier gets the state of the art
equipment prior to going into the work
bite it just is a great way of directly
taking current technology and getting
into the soldier right now RFI fielding
point to 25,000 soldiers per month it's
an incredible operation that they're
doing it provides lethality
survivability mobility equipment and the
soldiers really love it they love the
gear they trust it and they've become
accustomed to having the very best the
best for the best the best equipment for
the best soldiers in the world
just phenomenal phenomenal products it's
extremely personal to us extremely
personal I visualize you know my
brothers that are out there fighting the
war with that equipment so it's
extremely personal I couldn't tell you
how many times I've been in a firefight
never received a Purple Heart but it's
because of the stuff we were today
soldiers very well equipped with the
very best equipment that we can have
right now he was attacked on Patrol he
was shot and it hit his armor that was
on his chest well a huge hole in it no
it knocked me on my butt I looked down
on my chest there is no blood oozing out
I looked down on the floor of the Humvee
and was a tracer and he's burning I
still have it and that's fine so I got
up on a start shooting again we have the
best young men and women the country has
to offer today and they're smarter
they're tougher they're more capable and
we owe it to them to make their job as
easy as possible it never ceases to
amaze me the phenomenal job but they're
doing in the only way so it's our
responsibility to give the best the best
equipment that we can get out there and
that's exactly what we're doing